sl beta docs (#3705)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/build-metrics-intro.md

hide_table_of_contents: true
---

> Use MetricFlow in dbt to centrally define your metrics. MetricFlow is a key component of the [dbt Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl) and is responsible for SQL query construction and defining specifications for dbt semantic models and metrics.

Reviewer: Sugg to bring "MetricFlow" closer to its description to make it clear
```suggestion
Use MetricFlow in dbt to centrally define your metrics. As a key component of the [dbt Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl), MetricFlow is responsible for SQL query construction and defining specifications for dbt semantic models and metrics.
```

Use familiar constructs like semantic models and metrics to avoid duplicative coding, optimize your development workflow, ensure data governance for company metrics, and guarantee consistency for data consumers.

:::info

> MetricFlow is currently available on dbt v1.6 or higher. MetricFlow, is a new way to define metrics in dbt and  replaces the dbt_metrics package.

Reviewer: I suggest a more descriptive verb:
```suggestion
MetricFlow is currently available on dbt v1.6 or higher. MetricFlow provides a new way to define metrics in dbt and replaces the dbt_metrics package.
```

> To fully experience the dbt Semantic Layer, including the ability to query dbt metrics via external integrations, you'll need a [dbt Cloud Team or Enterprise account](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/).

Reviewer: Should we more directly say they must have a team or enterprise account?
```suggestion
To use the dbt Semantic Layer, you must have a [dbt Cloud Team or Enterprise account](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/).
```

:::

> Before you start, keep the following considerations in mind:

Reviewer: Are these prereqs? If not, maybe we can call them out as guidelines?
```suggestion
Before you start, consider the following guidelines:
```

> - Define metrics in YAML and query them using the [new metric specifications](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/discussions/7456).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define metrics in YAML and query them using these [new metric specifications](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/discussions/7456).
```

- You must be on dbt v1.6 or higher to use MetricFlow. [Upgrade your dbt Cloud version](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-core-in-cloud) to get started.

> - MetricFlow currently supports Snowflake, Postgres, BigQuery, Databricks, and Redshift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use MetricFlow with Snowflake, Postgres, BigQuery, Databricks, or Redshift.
```
